[charts] Rounded corners on BarChart (#12834)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/bars/bars.md

### Border Radius

> To give your bar chart rounded corners, you can apply the `borderRadius` property on the [BarChart](/x/api/charts/bar-chart/#bar-chart-prop-slots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give your bar chart rounded corners, you can change the value of the `borderRadius` property on the [BarChart](/x/api/charts/bar-chart/#bar-chart-prop-slots).
```
Potential rephrase? 🤔
